Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Secur ities Market and Shareholders Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “APOL.” As of August 31, 2016 , there were 202 registered holders of record of our Class A common stock, none of which are entitled to any voting rights. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions on behalf of shareholders, there are a substantially greater number of shareholders represented by these registered holders. The following sets forth the high and low sales prices per share for our Class A common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market during each quarter of the two most recent fiscal years: Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter High Low High Low High Low High Low Fiscal Year 2016 $ 9.26 $ 8.81 $ 9.34 $ 7.10 $ 8.94 $ 6.31 $ 12.43 $ 6.83 Fiscal Year 2015 $ 17.36 $ 10.20 $ 28.53 $ 16.05 $ 34.55 $ 24.82 $ 31.44 $ 23.30 There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock and all shares of our Class B common stock are beneficially owned by three registered affiliate holders. Dividends Although we are permitted to pay dividends on our Class A and Class B common stock, we have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. Dividends are payable at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and the Articles of Incorporation treat the declaration of dividends on the Class A and Class B common stock in an identical manner as follows: holders of our Class A and Class B common stock are entitled to receive cash dividends, if and to the extent declared by the Board of Directors, payable to the holders of either class or both classes of common stock in equal or unequal per share amounts, at the discretion of the Board of Directors. We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision of our Board of Directors to pay future dividends will depend on general business conditions, the effect of a dividend payment on our financial condition and other factors the Board of Directors may consider relevant. We are prohibited from paying dividends under the agreements associated with our pending merger, as described further in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Pending Merger. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is provided under Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, which is incorporated herein by reference. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase outstanding shares of our Class A common stock from time to time depending on market conditions and other considerations. During fiscal year 2013, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the amount available under our share repurchase program up to an aggregate amount of $250 million, of which $52.2 million remained available as of August 31, 2016 . There is no expiration date on the repurchase authorizations and the amount and timing of future share repurchase authorizations and repurchases, if any, will be made as market and business conditions warrant. Repurchases occur at our discretion and may be made on the open ma